rephrase sentence that was unclear for me (#308)
the-teachingRSE-project/competencies: competencies.md

That publication will again intentionally be free of regional specifics,
 to also serve as a blueprint that other national RSE societies can build upon.

Online resources for courses are another important building block.
This is the general intention of the learn-and-teach project [@learnandteach].
Surveying and curating of existing resources is not carried out as a traditional publication,

>  but we make it available as a continuously-evolving online resource at [@learnandteach].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but it is made available as a continuously-evolving online resource at [@learnandteach].
```
